Come on, wipe my feet
I want Ben to wash your feet
It depends on whether you have that life
You can't pay the 90 million in a while
I will cut off your feet
A mere 90 million
Even he, Fan Ruoli, can't come up with so much money
You stinky fortune teller
A mere 90 million
If you can take out a thousand today
I have one million
Miss Ben will wipe this foot for you.
Li Moran, you still want to wipe my husband's feet
You don't deserve it.
You what you
Husband buys
The corner is still rubbed today
Swipe it, you stinky fortune-teller lowly
How can I have a membership card for Yuelong Hotel?
Your card is really unique, isn't it?
Also tattooed a dragon
Boy see clearly
This young master is a senior VIP of Yuelong Hotel
This one.
It is the Yuelong Hotel membership card.
It turned out to be a fake.
You are also brave enough
Dare to come to this place to cheat
Who told you this is a membership card for the hotel?
As the owner of Dragon King Shop, the card I naturally use is
Wife, tell him
This is in the building
You can spend unlimited anywhere.
The Supreme Dragon Card of the Dragon King Store
Supreme Dragon Card